there's the jungle this is a whole new
thing nobody told us we add it to a
whole new page
I'm coming grandpa
morning did you guys see Spencer is that
think he went back in we gotta go get it
away Florida oh my god my joints feel
like lose myself I came back and things
actually got worse look at this
whoa - dude you have some issues here
the game is busted
listen up now this is a dangerous place
you got to have eyes in the back what in
the Sam Hill just happen to help
the hell is this
would you look at me I haven't looked
like this since never you look like this
never I think my eyes are a different
color all of you is a different color
strengths and weaknesses linguistics oh
goodness
nunchucks that's new damn that's a good
list weaknesses heat Sun and sang how is
this guy a character in an adventure
game we have to find Spencer and Bethany
the sixth Adventure is even more
challenging this time not all of you
will leave the game
yes we thought you might need some help
where is Bethenny she's right here she
says oh my god like I'm a total horse
Hey terrible job what are you talking
about that's passed my driver's test
last month
okay
gonna make it okay we're gonna make it
we're gonna make it
we're not gonna make it
[Music]
I missed you so much
oh my god you guys hi Bethany you guys
in G my me my daughter I put my love
into photographs pictures took space in
my heart instead of people it's not
supposed to be a date it is a bit I love
you I love you too
I just don't understand why she couldn't
tell me about her life while she was
alive
maybe if she thought it would help you
look at her another way hey I'm Michael
block from the republic and doing a
story about your mom coming to be honest
I was a little distracted so I kept
running back in my mom now you might
respond to me asking you for a drink so
that was he asking me in my mind it
wasn't that forward you know it was more
smoother than that I'm terrible at
Thursday I just don't know whether to be
vulnerable lose funny just be yourself
alright one of the fists are too early
in the night the kitchen it wasn't
reason love this written all over your
face you look so sappy as a barrister
wanna believe what you say oh you got
y'all headed down like you prayed cuz I
might need to or would you pray for
a little power
I keep reading her words don't you want
more than this would you what more do
you want my mother wasn't very good at
love what if I'm just like her how are
you supposed to know if you want to
spend forever with someone I want to try
to be together it's not practical I'm
not trying to be practical want to be
with you that's that the opposite of
everything that I wanted to say polish I
didn't lead people why I so often I let
it leave 30 years later still trying to
figure that out what would you've done
different I would have gone after my me
I wish I had put as much courage into
love as I put in my work I don't want to
lose you
because I'm afraid to love you
you don't have to be afraid
would y'all do when the power went out
today she did a little sipping smile
thing like know if I could pause why are
we doing all this let's back it up the
family it has desperate motives and when
good people get desperate the nerves
come out you know something
spill it I suspect foul play
[Music]
no sure
what what
[Music]
did you just Google that I did you
Schuylkill that I got to do this more
often
nakaoka sonic neo Kunio mamata minutes
ago casa de taille hey no yoga Suzuki
Yamaha Teresita yo Mike Shanin Agata
Yokozuna who lights yo Carnegie samurai
or NASA k9 Maloney's - Mata toascii
ohtori ouka
[Music]
enough on it scary seeing a sand castle
koto as you know jiggling oh yeah
Mauritania no chaos so no powers no
Shannon Nozomi oopsie discourtesy
[Music]
Authority so much again I
barrera han soo-ah it took him since
category
don't hang on let me also say take for
your chicken turn up the chemical te
papa new Hodari cgi omekata
[Music]
[Applause]
hello it's Peter Spencer I'm here about
selling the house anyone home
[Music]
this is detective Muldoon
this is Peter Spencer something happened
to me at 44 Rayburn Drive
[Applause]
but someone was murdered at the house
why did you never go into that place
something never felt right about it
looks like we got another one do you
think that the body we found related I
went to the house police department see
something followed me home what's going
on that's right we need to leave right
now
[Applause]
[Music]
our aim was to create a plant with a
scent that makes its owner happy we are
entering a new era here the first mood
lifting antidepressant happy plant we've
received orders from all over the world
I just wanted to say that I feel really
proud to be working with you look what I
have for you what do you say we call him
Little Joe you have to take good care of
it keep it warm talk to it it needs
attention what's so special about
it makes you happy haven't you noticed
how chris has changed
I think Little Joe's pollen has
triggered something the tool drove
changes the people he infects you're
starting to notice tool aren't you fear
can distort our perception of reality if
I make a mistake then it's my fault
it seems that this is open a bit much
for you
frightens me you're a good mother which
of your children will you choose be
afraid to shoot us
we have training so he does not bear the
sword in vain
we'll find them we'll catch these guys
in the next three or four hours they
vanish are you envious that 21 bridges
in and out of the island shut them down
what island Manhattan
they told me with a guy who kills
killers beautiful what can go wrong
you gotta trigger you better have
perfect diction calling me a trigger
this is a setup
call it what you want I just did if you
go down this road I'm looking over your
shoulder the rest of your life how do
you want to live in this life lived by
their rules let's go we gotta go if you
see something that you want take it
and was fine until you got greedy
we gotta move on them before the
etiquette of good or was the trust fine
electric that did this did you
sometimes before dying mommy
[Applause]
I repeat
[Music]
in the heart of Lapland at the end of
winter the wild reindeer come down from
the mountains to give birth to their
young meat ievo children are told that
at Birth a reindeer only has five
minutes to stand up five more to learn
how to walk and five more to know how to
run and swim it's a matter of survival
Aiello is an intrepid adventurer he
wants to see everything know everything
but you have to hurry out until you've
joined the herd you will be very
vulnerable young prince of Lapland the
world is a strange place and with it
will come new adventures sometimes
filled with ruthless predators
this is the story of Aida now he was
born how he grew up and how he was loved
perseverance courage go ahead I you know
each time that we decide to get back on
their feet and face life squarely as it
is the world ends up smiling us right
[Music]
bringing talk about citizens obesity
yeah yeah
[Music]
I'll open the onions alarmed it's okay
mama
[Music]
the Mafia of theone politicians they own
judges their own cops this for you Frank
I want a sit-down
well everybody pull the bosses and all
the captains all the families someplace
quiet
got to be locally away from everything
[Music]
sergeant KRAS well you got a badge sure
do you want to see it everyone the
conscious don't come here
somebody mutually to meet you someone's
coming down I know it where does this
have to do with their little town why
would the FBI have an interest in a
small family gathering out in the middle
of nowhere there's a network of
organized crime running you and L for
this area you're making a big mistake
pal yeah how so I want guys from Philly
Vegas I want their loyalty Park Ranger
whatever you up go chase some squirrel
inside that house it's the top brass of
the American Life
this is all you've done Christ
you'll do something me you've got it
I'm lieutenant wakes Joseph you
questions about what you saw did you see
the shooter who is that guy what is this
about he was my partner these guys
killed a cop you're a witness are they
gonna come after me this is the
isolation ward why do you only want on
this floor yes this is the safest place
for you
even if the killer could find you
there's an armed cop right outside your
door if you have any problems just call
me directly
that's something another shell ejector
mark says maybe Glock it was a
protection racket going around you're
saying cop did this cops mother water
[Music]
no one's gonna help you princess
Janet
[Music]
this is it
lieutenant the guys that are chasing me
and the shooters
don't make this harder than it already
is
[Music]